Magento 2.3.5 Release Notes (#7052)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/release-notes/release-notes-2-3-5-commerce.md

Quarterly releases may contain backward-incompatible changes (BIC). Magento 2.3.5 contains minor backward-incompatible changes. To review minor backward-incompatible changes, see [BIC reference]({{page.baseurl}}/release-notes/backward-incompatible-changes/reference.html). (Major backward-incompatible issues are described in [BIC highlights]({{page.baseurl}}/release-notes/backward-incompatible-changes/index.html). Not all releases introduce major BICs.)

> **Note**: These release notes refer to the features and bugs released on April 28, 2020 as Magento 2.3.5. Actual Composer package names are  `2.3.5-p1`, which contains all new features and fixes, and  `2.3.4-p2`, which is a security-only release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.bs-callout-info}
These release notes refer to the features and bugs released on April 28, 2020 as Magento 2.3.5. Actual Composer package names are  `2.3.5-p1`, which contains all new features and fixes, and  `2.3.4-p2`, which is a security-only release.
```

Author: added note tag to source

## Security-only patch available

> Merchants can now install time-sensitive security fixes without applying the hundreds of functional fixes and enhancements that a full quarterly release (for example, Magento 2.3.5-p1) provides. Patch 2.3.4.2 (Composer package 2.3.4-p2) is a security-only patch that provides fixes for vulnerabilities that have been identified in our previous quarterly release, Magento 2.3.4. All hot fixes that were applied to the 2.3.4 release are included in this security-only patch. (A *hot fix* provides a fix to a released version of Magento that addresses a specific problem or bug.) For general information about security-only patches, see the Magento DevBlog post [Introducing the New Security-only Patch Release](https://community.magento.com/t5/Magento-DevBlog/Introducing-the-New-Security-only-Patch-Release/ba-p/141287). For instructions on downloading and applying security-only patches (including patch 2.3.4-p2), see [Install Magento using Composer]({{page.baseurl}}/install-gde/composer.html). Security-only patches include only security bug fixes; not the additional security enhancements that are included in the full patch.

Reviewer: This paragraph needs more work. It's not clear to me what the differences are between a hotfix and a security patch.

You probably need to break this down into two paragraphs. One for the main content, and another for the links.

Author: tweaked slightly

Author: teaked source

With the Magento 2.3.4 release, we changed how we describe these security issues.  Individual issues are no longer described in the Magento Security Center. Instead, these issues are documented in an [Adobe Security bulletin](https://helpx.adobe.com/security/products/magento/apsb20-22.html).

#### Security enhancements and fixes to core code

This release includes over 25 security fixes and platform security improvements. Additional security enhancements include:

> *  **Implementation of Content Security Policy (CSP)**. `Content-Security-Policy` is an HTTP response header that browsers can use to enhance the security of a web page. This added layer of security supports the detection and mitigation of attacks, including cross-site scripting (XSS) and data injection attacks. This release implements the CSP SPI, which developers can use. Report-only mode is the default. See [Content Security Policy Overview](https://devdocs.magento.com/security/content-security-policy-overview.html)

Author: I've removed the mention for now.

> *  **Removal of session_id from URLs**. Exposure of `session id` values in URLs creates a potential security vulnerability in the form of session fixation. We are removing code from the classes and methods add/read session id from URLs.

Author: changed in source

> *  **Removal of session_id from URLs**. Exposure of `session id` values in URLs creates a potential security vulnerability in the form of session fixation. We are removing code from the classes and methods add/read session id from URLs.

Author: changed in source

> *  **Support for Elasticsearch 7.5**. Elasticsearch 7.5 is now the supported catalog search engine for both Magento Commerce and Magento Open Source. With this release, Magento 2.3.x supports only Elasticsearch 6.x and 7.x.  Elasticsearch 2.x and 5.x are now deprecated for Magento 2.3.x and will be removed in Magento 2.4.0. <!--- MC-30796-->

Author: not changing this as PM and others have agreed upon this exact wording

> *  **Support for Elasticsearch 7.5**. Elasticsearch 7.5 is now the supported catalog search engine for both Magento Commerce and Magento Open Source. With this release, Magento 2.3.x supports only Elasticsearch 6.x and 7.x.  Elasticsearch 2.x and 5.x are now deprecated for Magento 2.3.x and will be removed in Magento 2.4.0. <!--- MC-30796-->

Author: not changing since PM and others have agreed on this wording

<!--- MC-30254-->

> *  The order review page in the checkout workflow now loads successfully for an order being shipped to multiple addresses when Terms and conditions with the **Applied Manually** setting is enabled. Previously, the Review page did not pass validation, and Magento displayed a 404 error.

Author: changed in source

<!--- MC-29722-->

*  Magento now honors a customer’s default shipping address. Previously, Magento did not honor the default billing and default shipping addresses according to  the settings, and the **Same As Billing Address** setting was not enabled automatically.

<!--- MC-30576-->

> *  You can now successfully create a customer and associate it with a particular website using the Associate to Website  dropdown menu  on **Customers** > **All Customers** >  **Add new Customer**. Previously, when you tried to associate a new customer with the non-default website in a multisite deployment, Magento displayed this error: `The store view is not in the associated website`.

Author: changed in source

*  Google Tag Manager tags are no longer triggered when a customer navigates to a new store without accepting the Google Tag Manager cookie.

<!--- MC-22911-->

> *  Magento now displays an inaccurate count for all users when a restricted administrative user accesses **System** > **All Users** and role scope was set to custom.

Author: changed in source

<!--- MC-29919-->

*  Magento now saves the information a customer enters in the default billing and shipping fields during checkout when the transaction is initially declined due to an invalid credit card but later completed successfully. Previously, although Magento created the order when the customer entered valid payment information, it did not update the default billing or shipping addresses in the My Account section of the checkout workflow.

### Performance

*  Optimizations to Redis performance minimize the number of queries to Redis that are performed on each Magento request. These optimizations include:

>    *  Decrease in size of network data transfers between Redis and Magento

Author: resolved in source

<!--- ENGCOM-6233-->

> *  Corrected position of the wishlist item **Delete** button on the category page. *Fix submitted by Paweł Tylek in pull request [25380](https://github.com/magento/magento2/pull/25380)*. [GitHub-21190](https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues/21190)

Author: corrected in source

**Issue**: The Compare Products feature does not work as expected in deployments with multiple store views. When a user tries to compare products from multiple store views and one product has an empty value for a comparable attribute, Magento displays a corrupted Compare Products page. **Workaround**: Comparable attribute values cannot be empty. Merchants should specify non-empty values for comparable product attributes or use the default storeview value for the attribute. A fix will be available in Magento 2.3.6, which is scheduled for release in Q4 2020. <!--- MC-33203-->

> **Issue**: Magento throws an error on the Order Summary  section of the checkout workflow when a customer removes store credit after first selecting it as a payment method for the entire order. **Workaround**: Customers can refresh the Order page by pressing **F5**. A fix will be available in Magento 2.3.6, which is scheduled for release in Q4 2020.

Reviewer 2: "by pressing F5" is a very specific shortcut which doesn't work everywhere. For example it doesn't work on macOS when using Chrome or Safari (it works in Firefox though).
I would just say "by refreshing the page", since that's a more general instruction 🙂

Author: changed -- thanks for catching.

Author: changed in source. Thanks!
